yo guys what's gone so be classy i
bringing you episode 5 a bill in the box
and we're back on some black ops 2
playing a bit of cargo so let's give
this a go for those who are new to the
series basically we all get 25 pills
overall which is 24 kills and then hit a
trick shot so I trying to us as quick as
possible because i like it on the game
plays actually short and sweet get here
there's a okay no okay no gun was that
popgun come on come on come on where are
you how fast you want to run fuck it you
can go do the air base whatever no don't
kill me
he had the killer don't smash into that
pleases getting my kills and I'm dead
loving that means i'll use that you
Olivia under why anything user oh don't
like don't plan on time fuck you then
with your clients Jesus Christ how bad
is my sniping I used to be decent I
swear oh my god oh that did not happen I
got one kill before doing this Jesus I
got never kill before dying oh god my
dog's kicking off downstairs as well so
sorry of you guys can hear that don't
think about it this dogs coming out fuck
you 10 miles just 10 more callous guys
I'm good let's try to do this quick now
ready fine fine where you don't drop him
rain just drop oh shit this hey he's
dead I'm gonna die now but I'm till it
varies dead nope oh my god and the
killer's gonna go crash into that now
watch or not now look at the last you
doing good for once usually might have
to go to shit and I'm just going to
switch class now get my trick shot glass
already don't want gonna go for this I
just giving a goal goal and I've died
six times so I'll get the last yet what
is this I just a focus right now
come on two more kills that's all I need
give me two more girls please why do you
insist on being a dickhead now might my
I'll get this guy off and we'll be done
like two piece ready okay they'll deal
to a chance for the two-piece whatever
happy still got last ah alternate fish
try so bad they're all right shoe for my
shield ah all he just shoots Mia ah
gonna want the help he's genuinely just
camp my tat I bought his camp mitac stay
there stupid time I'm awful face what
happens it's an obvious spot there we go
that was really quick wasn't too good
guys but you know a four minute gameplay
I mean I can I do about so this has been
over classy we've been in the box
episode 5 and let's enjoy this caca
nothing special guys do you know i will
start trying to bring more stuff and
start doing a bit more black ops once i
got incredible feedback on that ms bean
/ classy my mole laters guys